I am writing this email with great enthusiasm to express my interest for the DevOps. I want to tell you that this opportunity is fascinating, my future goals and aspirations align with it. I have a great inclination to work as DevOps and I have been upskilling myself for the same. I have dome few small projects to understand the DevOps concepts, tools, practices and their implementations ( Please see below the GitHub links). I see this job as an exciting opportunity and feel very positive on my capabilities in bring justice to the new role. 
 
https://github.com/narender046/testing_poc_project
https://github.com/narender046/testing_poc
https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/narender046/myapp
 
In my current role I am helping our business users as well as or clients. Almost all of our application are deployed in AWS. I have deep understanding of AWS Infrastructure (EC2, S3, EBS, CloudWatch, CloudFront, EKS etc..) and agile methodologies,
We are using Ansible playbooks for configuration management, automation and deployment. I have knowledge of terraform and I know basic python scripting as well. 
With my experience in software deployment, Production/Application support,  IT Infrastructure Support, Troubleshooting and timely escalation, Proactive Monitoring, Major Incident Management, Project Management and Operational Process. I have decided to combine my skills to become a DevOps. I believe my background would provide value for this opportunity. I am a fast and enthusiastic learner, ready to become a DevOps Engineer. I have completed the Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals and finished training on AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate, certification for the same is scheduled later this month.
I have grown myself over the period of time where I can adapt to any situation and worked on different time zones in order to support business stakeholders. 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Currently I am working in Singapore and my work visa is valid till Dec 2024. I know Australian work visa sponsorship could be a challenge at this time however I can manage working according to Sydney time zone if allowed to work from current location (Singapore).
 
I have already applied for this position (See the trail email). We can connect on call to discuss further. I am enclosing a copy of my resume where I have provided all my employment details with the list of activities have performed till date


Kv5X2EXpE8sZz8ta